GitHub Codespaces: Add `devcontainer.json` files to Livebook (#1138)
livebook-dev/livebook: README.md

check out [our Livebook firmware](https://github.com/livebook-dev/nerves_livebook) built
with [Nerves](https://www.nerves-project.org/).

### GitHub Codespaces

> Livebook also has several `devcontainer.json` files to choose from that will create a GitHub odespace for Livebook:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Livebook also has several `devcontainer.json` files to choose from that will create a GitHub codespace for Livebook:
```

Author: 🤦‍♂️ Will fix!

check out [our Livebook firmware](https://github.com/livebook-dev/nerves_livebook) built
with [Nerves](https://www.nerves-project.org/).

> ### GitHub Codespaces
> 
> Livebook also has several `devcontainer.json` files that allow for launching containers
> on [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces) in the following variants:
> 
>   * Develop Livebook ([`.devcontainer/devcontainer.json`](./.devcontainer/dev/devcontainer.json)) - launches
>     a full development environment with the latest Livebook codebase for users who would like
>     to build and contribute to Livebook.
>     * *This is the default `devcontainer.json` when creating a new codespace.*
> 
>   * Run Livebook (stable) ([`.devcontainer/run-stable/devcontainer.json`](./.devcontainer/run-stable/devcontainer.json)) - launches
>     the latest stable version of Livebook. Note that this runs in deployment mode and does
>     not allow for Livebook development.
> 
>   * Run Livebook (edge) ([`.devcontainer/run-edge/devcontainer.json`](./.devcontainer/run-edge/devcontainer.json)) - launches
>     the edge version of Livebook (matching the main branch). Note that this runs in deployment
>     mode and does not allow for Livebook development.
> 
> For more information on GitHub Codespaces, how to configure them, and how to use them, we
> recommend referring to [the official GitHub codespaces documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/creating-a-codespace#creating-a-codespace).
> 

Reviewer 2: If we go with a development only container, we can trim this down to:

```suggestion
### GitHub Codespaces (development)

Livebook also has a `devcontainer.json` file for launching containers
on [GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/features/codespaces) for development
purposes. Once booted, you can invoke `mix phx.server` in the terminal to start
your own Livebook session.

Check [the official GitHub Codespaces documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/creating-a-codespace#creating-a-codespace) to learn more.

```
